Added documentation for user id possible mismatch for git commands (#6110)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/aws-cdk.md

For the remaining settings, see [Step settings common to multiple steps](/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/aws-cdk#step-settings-common-to-multiple-steps) below.

:::warning

> Ensure that the user ID used in the Git Clone step and steps that call Git commands in the step group is same as the user ID specified in the [Run as User](#run-as-user) setting. Your step will fail if the user ID used in the Git Clone command and user that calls the Git Clone command is different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the user Id used in the Git Clone step and steps that call Git commands in the step group is same as the user Id specified in the [Run as User](#run-as-user) setting. Your step will fail if the user Id used in the Git Clone command and user that calls the Git Clone command is different.
```

For the remaining settings, see [Step settings common to multiple steps](/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/aws-cdk#step-settings-common-to-multiple-steps) below.

:::warning

> One of these additional settings is `Run as User` which determines the user id of the user that is running all the commands in the container. Ensure that this user id is the same as the user id used in a previous Git Clone Step, or the same as any other step in the step group that calls git commands. If this isn't done, user's can face step failures as the user that did the git clone command and the user that calls the git commands in this step differ. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One of these additional settings is `Run as User`, which determines the user id of the user that is running all the commands in the container. Ensure that this user id is the same as the user id used in a previous Git Clone Step or the same as any other step in the step group that calls Git commands. If this isn't done, users can face step failures as the user that did the Git clone command and the user that calls the Git commands in this step differ. 
```

> This issue can pop up for existing pipelines for users who have turned on the `CDS_CONTAINER_STEP_GROUP_RUN_AS_USER_AND_PRIVILEGED_FIX` feature flag as it changes the behavior of certain settings (including `Run as User`) when unconfigured. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue can occur for existing pipelines for users who have turned on the `CDS_CONTAINER_STEP_GROUP_RUN_AS_USER_AND_PRIVILEGED_FIX` feature flag as it changes the behavior of certain settings (including `Run as User`) when it is not configured. 
```

> To fix this issue, set `Run as User` in your git clone step and cdk deploy step to `0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, set `Run as User` in your Git Clone step and CDK Deploy step to `0`.
```

Reviewer 3: You don't need to explicitly set '0' in Run As User for CDK Deploy and CDK Rollback Steps because the default user in this images are '0'. So they would still run as '0' if you have configured nothing in Run As User in step or step group level.

Aws CDK Deploy and Rollback Step only support  '0' RunAsUser id for now. So git clone step needs to provide "0" as RunAsUser in the step

@tmacari-harness please verify it

Author: Even though thats how it works internally, I think its better to just tell the user to set it to 0 in case the behavior changes in the future. For example, if the steps support values other than '0' then a bug, or some other difference could cause a problem.

### Run as User

> The standard `runAsUser` setting for the `securityContext` property. This setting determines the user Id of the user running all commands in the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard `runAsUser` setting for the `securityContext` property. This setting determines the user Id of the user running all commands in the container.
```
